deletes testing flag from env (#20)
aion-dk/verify-my-ballot: README.md

You're welcome to either use the docker-compose enviroment setting or use the comand below to set up your local ENV file.

> To work in testing mode with a mocked version of the Verifier Client, set a `REACT_APP_TESTING` flag in your enviroment or docker-compose file. If you want to use the JS-client verifier instead, make sure that flag does not exist. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To work in testing mode with a mocked version of the Verifier Client, set a `REACT_APP_TESTING` flag in your environment or docker-compose file. If you want to allow real HTTP traffic instead, make sure that the flag does not exist. 
```
